Which woman?
My sister-in-law
Although he cheated
But they were husband and wife.
Shouldn't he be in and out of their house?
Zhan Nanxing, are you trying to piss me off?
Hee hee, why are you suddenly so fierce?
Why am I mad at you?
I'm talking about Brother Beiting's assistant
Your brother's assistant works with him
Say their house is fine, right?
His assistants are always male
That woman is like a vixen
Do you really believe he has no feelings for your brother?
My assistant didn't do anything wrong
It's great that you call him a fox
Zhan Nanxing, you are my friend.
It's okay if you don't help me
How can you help others?
Why help others? I will definitely help you.
But
We can't swear indiscriminately, can we?
You see, you just taught me to scold Master Li
My brother is angry
Well, I was wrong this time.
Sorry.
Forgive you.
Before I became the mistress of the war house
The idiot Zhanxin is still of some use to me
It seems that the man did not come out casually to check
I'm just pretending to be confused